docs: added jvs docs (#114)
abcxyz/jvs: docs/jvs-quick-setup.md

    system gets installed.

5.  Wait until it’s done then you have a test environment up; there will be a
    few outputs which you need to remember for later use. You will see output
    similar to follows

    ```shell
    Outputs:
    cert_rotator_server_url ="https://cert-rotator-e2e-xxxxx-uc.a.run.app"
    jvs_server_url ="https://jvs-e2e-xxxx-uc.a.run.app"
    public_key_server_url ="https://pubkey-e2e-xxxx-uc.a.run.app"
    ```

Besides above servers, [KMS](https://cloud.google.com/security-key-management)
resources e.g.
[keyRing](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings)
and
[cryptoKey](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys)
will also get created.

## Try JVS APIs

### Justification API

1.  Export the jvs server with the domain part of the `jvs_server_url` from
    Terraform outputs like `jvs-e2e-xxxx-uc.a.run.app`

    ```shell
    export JVS_SERVER=<jvs_server_domain>:443
    ```

2.  Create Justification Token via [jvsctl](cli-tool.md):

    ```shell
    jvsctl token --explanation "issues/12345" --ttl 30m --server ${JVS_SERVER}
    ```

> **TODO(#112):** O nce we have the "validate token" command, we can even validate
> it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TODO(#112):** Once we have the "validate token" command, we can even validate
it.
```

> # JVS Setup

Reviewer: This is much better now! Thanks!

Author: Is there anything I need to change for this line?

Reviewer: No

**JVS is not an official Google product.**

## Prerequisites

you must have:

*   An existing cloud org
*   A billing account you can use in the cloud org
*   A project you can use in the cloud org

1.  Install [gcloud](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install)
2.  make sure you are logged in with gcloud.

    ```shell
    gcloud auth login --update-adc
    ```

3.  Install [grpcurl](https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl)

## Set Up

1.  Change directory to where terraform code lives

    ```shell
    cd terraform
    ```

2.  Copy an existing environment (e.g. quick-setup)

    ```shell

>     cp -r quick-setup my-env && cd my-env && rm .terraform.lock.hcl

Reviewer: Is `rm .terraform.lock.hcl` necessary?

    `jvs-e2e-xxxx-uc.a.run.app`

    ```shell
    export JVS_SERVER_DOMAIN=<jvs_server_domain>
    ```

2.  Create Justification Token via command:

    ```shell
    grpcurl -import-path ../.. -proto protos/v0/jvs_service.proto\
    -H "Authorization: Bearer $(gcloud auth print-identity-token )"\
    -d'{"justifications": [{"category": "explanation", "value": "this is a test"}], "ttl": "3600s"}'\
    -max-msg-sz 9999999999\
    ${JVS_SERVER_DOMAIN}:443\
    abcxyz.jvs.JVSService/CreateJustification
    ```

    You should see output similar to follows

    ```shell
    "eyJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6InByb2plY3RzL3hpeXVlLWp2cy1kb2MtdGVzdC0xL2xvY2F0aW9ucy9nbG
    9iYWwva2V5UmluZ3MvY2kta2V5cmluZy9jcnlwdG9LZXlzL2p2cy1rZXkvY3J5cHRvS2V5VmVyc2lvbnMvNyIsInR5cCI6Ik
    pXVCJ9.eyJhdWQiOiJUT0RPICMyMiIsImV4cCI6MTY2MDg2Mjg3OCwianRpIjoiNGJkODY1ZDItOWNkOS00M2NhLWJhMTQtY
    TA1Y2VlNzlmMmI0IiwiaWF0IjoxNjYwODU5Mjc4LCJpc3MiOiJqdnMuYWJjeHl6LmRldiIsIm5iZiI6MTY2MDg1OTI3OCwic3
    ViIjoieGl5dWVAZ29vZ2xlLmNvbSIsImp1c3RzIjpbeyJjYXRlZ29yeSI6ImV4cGxhbmF0aW9uIiwidmFsdWUiOiJ0aGlzIGl
    zIGEgdGVzdCJ9XX0.6BaM4HHM7lqAIuo-NW4oRt67mYD2jPojtrIK7Nxv2ARL6NIpcx5v1y86tGF1jETTV7nhfXxal0DOe4GFk
    _Xq5Q" }

>     ```

Reviewer: Can we use CLI instead?

Reviewer: Add a TODO: once we have the "validate token" command, we can even validate it.

Author: done
